# Solution

- I decided to use chakra-ui to save some time with some of the components
- I used React context to handle the global state, even though this exercise could be done without the use of it, i just used it to illustrate how i use it and also to make use of it to cancel some service calls if the data was already there.
- My first approach for this was without even the use of the react context but only using routing and the useParams hook.
- The good part about using the route based approach is that all the routes can be accessed directly and the data will be called on first render(so even if the user just refresh the page, it will not need to go over the whole process again, a little of ux here)
- The hook i used to make the service calls on first render can be exported in a different file(DRY), but i was working as fast as i could, testing here and there, giving priority to the functionality, my first step forward would be refactoring a little bit here and there to reuse more of the code, but as i said i was working as fast as i could to meet the functionality. My number one priority is clean code but the objective of the test was clear, if there is any question of what could have i changed in terms of clean code i dont have any troubles explaining all of them.
- The components folder can be divided in subfolders if the application would have been bigger, also i forgot to create an index file exporting each component which normally is the way i do prefer as you can see in each view folder.
- There was only one layout component i wanted to create, the one that would have the left navbar and the content on the right(changing only the content on the right based on the route.). But since i didnt saw too much functionality on the left sidebar i decided just to not work on it, and work on other more critical things.
- The breadcrumbs are a little bit hardcoded, i would have prefered to make a different component to make it dynamic, but again, was something nice to have, not critical to the functionality and would have make me waste a lot of time.
- If testing would have been part of the test i would have decided to go forward with react-testing-library, because i can focus the test on the functionality and not in the implementation(due to the objective of the application in my opinion)
- i created pretty much what was in the wireframes(very high level) as i mention a lot of times above i was more focused on making the app work as the wireframes intended, the stylings can be improved a lot, but normally is what i work on after the functionality is complete(normally not application wise, but feature wise)
- thanks to using chakra UI i didnt have to work on any scss stylings thats why there is no scss, stylus, less, etc files, but normally i tend to use stylus, i love that preprocessor. I just preferred to save time using an UI framework.
- i also didnt work on any accessibility features, this looked more like an internal dev tool(like a CI dashboard), but if you want me to explain which things i have in mind in terms of accessibility just let me know.
- also in the services folder i just left the baseconfig for axios, if i would have had more time i would have created a more reusable file with the services calls, but to save time i just put the service calls inside the useEffect call on first render.
- i didnt create any hook equivalent to the componentDidUnmount because there where not too many listeners or things that would have made that a worth to have.
- Also i didn't want to add prehooks for prettier or linting because that was not part of the test, i normally use prettier along with eslint for code styling, with husky hooks.